as a quadriplegic must be frustrating
for you someone who like to get things
done of their hands
is the thing for guys murdered miles I
could find these men dude what if I told
you I could offer you something that
would enable you to walk again
I call it stem a computer chip that has
potential to change everything it's a
new better brain
I extend the system operating your body
for you we can maybe but we also here
you know only you may I point something
out in the drum surveillance footage
serve Brandner Marine Corps actress for
one for citrus new plan we need a plan I
got this this doesn't seem like a
[Music]
you are involved in this somehow they
need to let me know well I was in the
area of detectives
[Music]
spend what do you think I should do
you are persistent
and I cannot allow us to kill we were
going to finish the job we started
you didn't know that I'm a ninja why I
am state of the art I am not a ninja
you